Removing unsupported options from HIS (#975)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/client-to-host-integration-server-problems2.md

---
description: "Learn more about: Client to Host Integration Server Problems"
title: "Client to Host Integration Server Problems"
ms.custom: ""
ms.date: "01/26/2024"
ms.service: host-integration-server
ms.reviewer: ""
ms.suite: ""
ms.topic: "article"
---
# Client to Host Integration Server Problems

> When you are troubleshooting an issue between a client and the HIS server computer, the first step is to verify that the client workstation can connect to other network resources on the Windows Server where the Host Integration Server is installed. If you can't map a network drive at the workstation, you should troubleshoot this problem as a workstation to Windows Server issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you are troubleshooting an issue between a client and the HIS server computer, the first step is to verify that the client workstation can connect to other network resources on the Windows Server where the Host Integration Server is installed. If you can't map a network drive at the workstation, you should troubleshoot this problem as a workstation to Windows Server issue.
```

> When you are troubleshooting an issue between a client and the HIS server computer, the first step is to verify that the client workstation  can connect to other network resources on the Windows Server where the Host Integration Server is installed. If you cannot map a network drive at the workstation, then you should troubleshoot this problem as a workstation to Windows Server issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are troubleshooting an issue between a client and the HIS server computer, the first step is to verify that the client workstation can connect to other network resources on the Windows Server where the Host Integration Server is installed. If you can't map a network drive at the workstation, you should troubleshoot this problem as a workstation to Windows Server issue.
```
